.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md, before:

---
name: Question
about: Ask us.
labels: question
---

. . .

-----------

*(Remove this section after reading. Click `Preview` tab for convenience)*

## ! Important

1. **Please** use our [wiki](https://github.com/3F/DllExport/wiki) first. +Available [**Q&A** list](https://github.com/3F/DllExport/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion).

2. Please try to use MSDN, stackoverflow, and other relevant places for understanding common practice with P/Invoke, scalar & unmanaged native types, marshaling, .net-domains, multithreading, ... ~something other. Because this is not directly related to our project to teach you programming. We can try to help you anyway, but please have a *conscience.*

### If you're ready to ask something

1. **Try to use** only [GitHub for your attachments and screenshots](https://help.github.com/articles/file-attachments-on-issues-and-pull-requests/) instead of other places. It's free, it's enough.
2. **Do not** put inside message any very long text data ( ~ 10 Kb+ time for attachments ). Means only as file (text-based, or zip, etc). Because we're receiving this notification through email, so it's really ... [100K+](https://github.com/3F/DllExport/issues/71)
3. Please try to use [**basic formatting**](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks/) to avoid code dancing 🕺 across the page.

Commit message:

Clarifying the issue templates due to many mixed errors and questions
also only ko-fi link +info

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md, after:

---
name: ♻ Question
about: Questions related to .NET DllExport but not its errors.
labels: question
---

. . .

The question is related to:

* `DllExport -version`:
* Copy-paste from `Data` tab:

-----------

⚠ *(Remove this section after reading. Click `Preview` tab for convenience)*

## ! Important

1. **Please** use our [wiki](https://github.com/3F/DllExport/wiki) first. +Available [**Q&A** list](https://github.com/3F/DllExport/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion).

2. Please try to use MSDN, stackoverflow, and other relevant places for understanding common practice with P/Invoke, scalar & unmanaged native types, marshaling, .net-domains, multithreading, ... ~something other. Because this is not directly related to our project to teach programming. We can try to help anyway, but please have a *conscience.*

### Before ask anything

1. **Do not** put inside message any very long text data ( ~10 Kb+ time for attachments ). Means only as file (text-based, or zip, etc). Because of notifications through email. It's really ... [100K+](https://github.com/3F/DllExport/issues/71)

1. Make also sure you have all rights to publish any data (attached src, log, etc). Responsibility is solely on you.

1. **Try to use** only [GitHub for your attachments and screenshots](https://help.github.com/articles/file-attachments-on-issues-and-pull-requests/) instead of other places. It's free, it's enough.

1. Please try to use [**basic formatting**](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks/) to avoid code dancing 🕺 across the page.

Thanks for reading!
